Implement seccomp notify support (#2682)
opencontainers/runc: contrib/cmd/seccompagent/README.md

# Seccomp Agent

## Warning

Please note this is an example agent, as such it is possible that specially
crafted messages can produce bad behaviour. Please use it as an example only.

Also, this agent is used for integration tests. Be aware that changing the
behaviour can break the integration tests.

## Get started

Compile runc and seccompagent:
```bash
make all
```

Prepare a container:
```bash
mkdir container-seccomp-notify
cd container-seccomp-notify
mkdir rootfs
docker export $(docker create busybox) | tar -C rootfs -xvf -
```

Run the seccomp agent in the background:
```bash
sudo ./contrib/cmd/seccompagent/seccompagent &

> ```

Reviewer: I think it makes sense to put "Run the seccomp agent ..." before "Prepare a container" as otherwise the command to run the agent won't work (since we earlier changed the directory).

Reviewer 2: Right, moving it

> Copy the config.json in this directory to use for the runc container and start it:

Reviewer: Not sure what you mean by "copy the config.json". A leftover from the older version?

Reviewer: Ah, now I see. Maybe be more specific, like

```suggestion
Copy the example `config.json` file from the directory where this README.md is to the container
directory you prepared earlier (`container-seccomp-notify`), then start a container:```

Reviewer 2: Added, thanks!

## Get started

Compile runc and seccompagent:
```bash
make all
```

Prepare a container:
```bash
mkdir container-seccomp-notify
cd container-seccomp-notify
mkdir rootfs
docker export $(docker create busybox) | tar -C rootfs -xvf -
```

Edit config.json to add a seccomp profile and some commands:
```json
{
  "ociVersion": "1.0.2-dev",
  "process": {
    "args": [
      "sh",
      "-c",
      "cd /dev/shm ; touch /dev/shm/file ; set -x ; for i in `seq 1 10` ; do mkdir /dev/shm/directory$i dir$i; chmod 777 /dev/shm/file ; ls -la /dev/shm ; sleep 2 ; done"
    ]
  },
  "linux": {
    "seccomp": {
      "defaultAction": "SCMP_ACT_ALLOW",
      "listenerPath": "/run/seccomp-agent.socket",
      "listenerMetadata": "foo",
      "architectures": [
        "SCMP_ARCH_X86",
        "SCMP_ARCH_X32"
      ],
      "syscalls": [
        {
          "names": [
            "fchmod",
            "chmod",
            "mkdir"
          ],
          "action": "SCMP_ACT_NOTIFY"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

Run the seccomp agent in the background:
```bash
sudo ./contrib/cmd/seccompagent/seccompagent &
```

Start the container:
```bash
runc run mycontainerid

> ```

Reviewer 3: Can we explain what user should do after starting the container?

e.g., run mkdir, chmod, ...

Reviewer 2: Right, will clarify that. Thanks!

Reviewer 2: Simplified this. I added a config.json to the directory, referenced that to be used, simplified the command that is run and added here the expected output with a brief explanation.

Thanks!
